My best friend has a 6 month old and after 14 years of her gleefully finding the biggest most annoying toys she could for my children I am desperate to get my own back. 
What are the current most ear shattering noisy toys ( preferably plastic with flashing lights) that you can buy now. 
I remember vtech baby walkers were pretty appalling when mine were small.
Following with interest, I'm in a similar situation
Might just be us @Sjjr23 
I'm thinking the pink vtech walker looks horrific so might go for that
I'm bumping this as I refuse to believe we are the only 2 vengeful people on here
My 18 month is currently playing on her Vtech bounce and spin frog. It's very noisy I have the subtitles on TV . The volume has 2 settings though so she can always just switch it off
Seems like vetch is the best/worst gift to give
Lamaze Sunny Rabbit. It doesn't have an off button 😡
The fisher price cookie jar is awful! One of those that the song gets stuck in your head.
To be honestly they're all horrendous after a while. The worst we have is a flashing drum kit and keyboard combination. It's so loud 🙉
Ahhhh. You need to speak to my father about this. He relishes in finding the gifts parents dread and gives them to my children every year. The highlight was when he bought them an indoor rollercoaster and an electric car the year I lived in a tiny two bed flat. 
V tech is totally the way to go. I still have the cookie jar songs in my head, and all the vtech toot toot cars are appalling too. Sometimes they go off in the middle of the night and I have a heart attack, which is an added joy.
Also, FWIW, wait til the kid gets older. Buy them a violin. It's the ultimate way to win the game.
The Fisher Price laugh and learn puppy has the most irritating squeaky voice and haunts my nightmares
Toot toot!! The stuff drives me insane... Yes the spinny frog thing.. the pink walker was not too bad as it can be turned off.
Anything vetch did my head in! Especially the toot toot vehicles which would suddenly start singing from the bottom of the toy box at random times for no reason.
I've bought mine the cookie jar for Christmas. I can still remember the song from when my 7 year old had it at the same age. I don't remember it being that bad oh dear
This! Really bloody annoying.
It’s a V Tech, by the way.
www.amazon.co.uk/Early-Learning-Centre-Singing-Maracas/dp/B07F41Z5FK?tag=mumsnetforum-21

Or these, Holy Mother of God, the noise.
Did you go for the Pink VTec walker? It's horrendous 

"Welcome to our learning farm we have lots to show you" is the most horrendous song.

My in laws (FIL, BIL & SIL) have all bought my 2 year old the most horrendously noisy toys for her birthday a few weeks ago

Leapfrog count along til with the worst song "In the dairy aisle I'm shopping along in the dairy aisle, look what I've found"

And not one but two Phonetics toys, one shaped like an apple and another one which is like an orchastra and the letters sing their sound
My daughter presses the 'hang up' button over and over and over on her V Tech walker... (You know where the phone used to be as after 5 minutes it's lost anyway.)

"Thanks for calling" sometimes not even being able to finish her sentence... on a loop for 15 minutes, it's delightful.

Deffo get the pink walker ￼
Oh also remembered this. It plays the same couple of tunes and lights up. Very noisy. I got it for about £20/£30 not $99.00 dollars I just clicked the first link. It changes for when the baby is standing so lasts a long time.
www.lamkins.com.sg/fisher-price-grow-with-gym-p-5128.html

I had Vtech walkers for both of mine and never put batteries in either too lazy. I feel like I've missed out
Anything v tech, the walker, the toot toot cars and buildings. We also have this steering wheel to attach to a pram. My DS loves pressing the same music button over and over and over and over and over and over again. Early Learning Centre Figurines (Lights and Sounds Buggy Driver) https://www.amazon.co.uk/dp/B0063DEIQK/ref=cmsww_rcpp_api_4wi6BbQP06S31
Vtech little singing Alfie Bear - that thing used to drive me completely insane!
Hello puppy c-calling do you want to play with me

Let’s have fun together while we learn our ABC

8 fucking years ago. 8 years.
Allllllll of the toot toot
Spin and bounce zebra
And best (worst!) of all... peppa pig alphaphonic board- it has no off switch and the slightest touch sets it off for ages...
Almost forgot this guy, took me ages to find the off switch!
Vtech, they hate parents or at least it seems that way. I foolishly got ds the toot toot train, oddly enough once the batteries ran out the shops never had the right sort
Agree with VTech Alfie Bear. It’s been a few years since I gave ours away but just thinking about it has reminded me of his bloody song and it’s now going round and round in my head...
The bloody vtech Walker! Or the vtech activity table. 
"Baa baa sheep sheep have you any wool"
Fisher Price pop ‘n’ sing apple is awful but it appears to be out of stock online
Agreed on Vtech singing Alfie. The only toy we've deliberately 'lost', and in under a week.
V-tech toot toot animals! I'm forever tripping over them and setting them off in the middle of the night!
Argh! The vtech toot toot train! My DS hasn't learnt how to turn the other toot toot cars or buildings on yet, but he can easily turn the train on. I hate it! 
"I am a little train, let's start our journey. Choo choo, choo choo, chug along with meeeeeeeee!" 😱
@Mammatron I forgot about him too! We still have him (saved for my now 7 week old) his batteries aren't getting replaced for a while 😂
So anything vtech is confirmed the way to go. I'm thinking that vetch walker she might realise you don't need battery's and that would ruin it. I'm going the toot toot trains I think as you'd need battery's in them. It needs to be as loud and as painful as possible.
Oooo I'd forgotten about this. My daughter had this when she was small it was AWFUL.
Anything vtech. Toot toot cars exceptionally annoying, bursting into spontaneous song every so often.
The vtech oven is equally noisey but our kids love it, you just need a clean pair of pants when late at night it shouts, “ now wash your hands”
Tomy pull along ducks... I can still hear their quack song 17 years later.... 😱
“Hello Babyyyy, I’m Coraaaa, your cuddly friend, who likes to SIIIIIIING! Sing with me and let’s have FUUUUNNNNNNN!” 

VTech Little Singing Cora. Drives me nuts. In fairness all of my DC have loved Cora though!
Beatbo 😤 www.smythstoys.com/uk/en-gb/toys/pre-school-and-electronic-learning/fisher-price/fisher-price-dance-and-move-beatbo-baby-robot/p/145688?gclid=CjwKCAiA5qTfBRAoEiwAwQy-6fLMzkHmt_VOe6IjniX2C7EUB-yBMgXHt0xshxeSm29PzolcXvDCexoClscQAvD_BwE

MIL bought this for DS, if you forget to switch it off it’s set off by motion, the amount of times the car had bloody set it off in the middle of the night 😡 it’s flashes different colours and plays 10 second bursts of really bad techno music!
Cat*
Ds is 10 and I can still remember the hateful cookie jar song, that was definitely the worst toy!
This - has no off switch and even looking at it sets it off. 

www.debenhams.com/webapp/wcs/stores/servlet/prod_10701_10001_171040419299?brand=Early-Learning-Centre&cat1;=Toys&cat2;=Educational-%26-science-toys&cat3;=Music-toys&CMP;=SSH_3501728133_1337154430_57208237327&&CMP;=SSH_3501728133_1337154430_57208237327&gclid;=CjwKCAiA5qTfBRAoEiwAwQy-6UCPvEPaokKVaoCr8-jdSL5fq9xXSAx4w0PavBbUeqRCo7bZTRTN8xoCFfcQAvD_BwE&gclsrc;=aw.ds
my son loves his Vtech walker. I can’t get annoyed by the songs when he’s sat there dancing to them ❤️
As an extra mini gift, perhaps one of the Christmas music books from Aldi with the buttons that play tinny carols. Preferably one of the ones that reset when the button is pressed and starts again. You may have to press a few to find which ones. Dc1 lines them up on the floor and presses all the buttons
I never knew I could hate a book as much as I hate this. Especially as DS loves pressing the button repeatedly so all I hear is the first ten seconds on a loop. 

Thanks PIL!
if the child is old enough to press a button repeatedly - I give you the quacking duck: www.thebookpeople.co.uk/webapp/wcs/stores/servlet/qs_product_tbp?productId=647094&catalogId;=10051

Toys that randomly set themselves off in the night? Chad Valley's tablet www.argos.co.uk/product/2574376

A toy that sounds horrible when the batteries are getting low? Leapfrog's Learning Lights remote www.argos.co.uk/product/8194554

    

Our 9yo is both autistic and deaf, he stims but it is an auditory stim - he has to be listening to a musical/noisy toy as much as possible, held to his better ear. We have become immune to the Toot Toot songs, to toys randomly singing in the night, to the constant sound of toddler toys in our house. I am actually putting this thread on my watch list to get ideas for new toys we can get for him (maybe the maracas) so keep those noisy toy ideas coming please!
I was going to say anything Vtech but that wheels
On the bus musical book is awful. Particularly when the batteries start to fail 🤣🤣🤣
My sister bought my daughter a little giraffe thing from Asda last Christmas that doesn't have an off switch. If you disturb the air near it it sets it off. She also has a floor keyboard that was so goddamn loud it lasted two days before I folded it up and stuffed it at the bottom of the toy box.
I love vtech toys! I actually seek them out. Like eggy I'm watching this thread for ideas. My DS is blind so the noisier the better. I love seeing his little face light up when he hears his favourite toys.
something like this

Wooden puzzle that makes an noise when the correct piece is put in place. My DCs had lots when they were little - it took us a while to remember to check that the y were complete before we went up to bed. Turn the light out and you end up with a complete zoo making noises if hte pieces aren't in place!

Not noisy - but the worst toy ever for when they are a little older - Magic Sand. Worse than play do for mess, and frustration, but mine loved it (thanks to my DSis).
This is funny reading. Just reading this has put the v tech singing cow song in my head... "I'm a cow. Come play with me. Something something. One. Two. THREE". 
My girl is ten. So that's a long time to remember that song. We still have the cow and Alfie the singing bear. Neither of us can bring ourselves to get rid of them. We love them. Wish we hadn't got a v tech singing phone though. Not because it's annoying it's just because it lead to a decade long obsession with mobile phones.
Vtech toot toot cars
Posted too soon.. we also recently got bought a metal toy pan and utensil set the noise of that on laminate floors is a delight
The vtech trumpet. 

"Playing on my trump-pet, music to my eeeeeeeeee-aaaaaaaars. I like to sing out LOUD AND PROUD". 

It's a delight.
Vtech appears a lot but I'm adding another one of theirs. Nursery rhyme book, it doesn't have an off switch and goes 'the end' every time it's closed which is more annoying than the songs.
To be fair to vtech toot toot they are super durable and my kids loved them.

There is a vtech boat (Bath toy) that is extremely difficult/impossible to get batteries out of. When ours went on the blink it would randomly start firing up in the middle of the night. My husband actually took an axe to it at 3am one morning.
tomy train
The Yodelling Sound of Music Goat - Kids love it. Parents really, really don't

.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bs_b9ZIjuZA
Pretty much anything vtech tbh. Kids do love them though!
I’ve just looked up the toot toot vehicles as so many of you have mentioned them. They’re so expensive but so tiny!
Don't get them. Especially not the cat or monkey ones.
You know what's more annoying than a toot-toot vehicle, or even a toot-toot vehicle with low battery? A toot-toot vehicle purchased from Amazon that turns out to be the German variety. Nothing against the German language or Germany, just the fact that when DS plays with it, I'm listening hard to the song and googling to see if I can understand what it is saying!
What are these fisher price chairs like for noisy-ness?
When the kid is bigger
justilou1 My parents got DS a Peppa Pig one of them for his first birthday!!
@NCP81 they do make noise but they're not that annoying.

They make noise when the wee tv magazine page is turned and when you sit on the seat it sings the alphabet. Does a few other things too but ours is mainly switched off 🙈
@Bluebelltulip our vtec nursery bookbhas an off switch but I agree it's annoying.

Someone once bought my DD a peppy pig "laptop" for her first birthday and it didn't have an off switch, it lasted one week 😂
@NCP81 - They never liked you, did they?
www.very.co.uk/fisher-price-bright-beats-dance-and-move-beatbo/1461105702.prd?utm_campaign=content&awc;=3090_1542308923_d54e0af041b5b5eefed5a57e306c538f&aff;=awin&affsrc;=239089&cm;_mmc=awin-_-239089-_-Social+Content-_-0_0&utm;_source=awin&utm;_medium=affiliate&utm;_term=http%3A%2F%2Fwww%2Esalesync%2Eco%2Euk%2F_239089&utm;_content=na

I just saw a video on Facebook for this. Made me think of this thread. It's perfect
Definitely the VTech Toot Toot things. We have the elephant and I've wanted to stomp the bugger that gave it to us many a time. When it's not singing about stomping here, stomping there, it's laughing like Hyacinth sodding Bucket.
Absolutely the v tech walker!
Just seen this thread and we have a lot of these as dgs comes to us one and a half days a week. Dd has mainly wooden quiet toys at her house - she is not silly.

Dgs really loves them except for one toy which is a bowl that spins into which you put balls. There are a number of buttons to press but he is scared stiff when we put it on.
I've just bought my nieces the baby shark singing soft toys
Vtech drum with shapes. It's such a wanker it's so bossy.

Also get an electric keyboard with a microphone in a couple of years
Vtech crawl and learn ball

We didn't buy it, it was a gift - DS loved it, we hated it.

Bloody vtech!
The worse toy we have had has already been mentioned up thread. We call it the annoying giraffe from Asda. It's so needy "press my belly" "your my best friend."

I actually like the cookie jar song..., "shapes are in my cookie jar..."
There are a pair of plastic maracas in mothercare. One sings La Cucaracha continuously..... 😠
“I’m a friendly light up bear, I’ll teach you, one two three, a sleepy happy hungry bear, hey come and hug me”

I haven’t heard that in nearly 6 years and I still remember the bastard words 

It’s the vtech Alfie bear
